README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  :weight_lifting: Brand Gym
</h1>

  This is a simple Gym Website with a very creative Name :upside_down_face: -
  It is responsive and viewable on multiple devices. The design might appear a little unorthodox at first but through this, the site is becoming intuitive and easy to navigate. It's for members and potential clients.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://robertmachamud.github.io/brand_gym/">
   View the live project here
  </a>
  <br>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img width="600" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dxcrd5sos/image/upload/v1593398280/three-woman-in-assorted-color-sport-bras-holding-and-905336_cyyoyf.jpg">
</p>

# 

## User Experience (UX)

- User stories

  - First Time Visitor Goals
      1. As a first time visitor, I want to have a good overview of the content and I want to quickly understand the main purpose of the site.
      2. As a first time visitor, I want to be motivated to click through the different sections/pages.
      3. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to navigate easily through all the different sections/pages without any complications as simple as possible. Also, I want to have more than one option to navigate.
      4. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to get all the information (like services, courses, etc) as short and understandable as possible
      5. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to see all important contact details (like phone number, email or address) and easily get in touch with the team for eventual questions (contact section/page).
      6. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to take a short cut straight to the member section/page (main purpose) and have as few steps/clicks as possible for buying one of the membership.

  - Returning Visitor Goals
      1. As a returning visitor, I want to quickly see or download the gym schedule.
      2. As a returning visitor, I want to get in contact with the gym for asking questions or expressing my ideas (i.e. - for improving the user experience).
      3. As a returning visitor, I want to easily reread all the information I want/need.
      4. As a returning visitor, I want to book a service of my choice.
      5. As a returning visitor, I might want to rethink my decision if I didn't get/buy a membership. 

  - Frequent User Goals
      1. As a frequent user, I want to quickly check if the gym schedule changed or got optimized (I want to stay up to date).
      2. As a frequent user, I want to be informed about any new courses, services or events (general changes/updates)
      3. As a frequent user, I want to be motivated to use the full spectrum of the site - i.e. by downloading the app (or other services - updates might come as well).
      4. As a frequent user, I want to be comfortable and able to use the booking service.
      5. As a frequent user, I want to be able to contact the gym as uncomplicated and easy as possible.
      6. As a frequent user, I want to be able to sign up - for having more benefits (coming soon).


- Design
  
  - Color Scheme
    - Every section/page has it's own recognizable background color.
    - The sidebar and the footer are consistent and have always the same color schemes while every section/page has it's own.
    - A dark-colored scheme got chosen for the footer/sidebar for better optical separation and less distraction from the main content.
    - For making the 404 Page looking more interesting/vivid there is a little color-changing background animation.
    - A mostly white (#fafafa not #fff) font color got chosen to have a nice and clean contrast to the colorful background colors and the dark backgrounds (footer, sidebar).
    - Font awesome icons and buttons are dark orange to make them pop out a little and keep them visible on colorful and on dark backgrounds (and for a nice contrast).

  - Typography
    - The - Helvetica Neue - is the font family of the website with Arial and Sans Serif as the fallback fonts in case for any reason the font isn't being imported into the site correctly. Helvetica Neue is the default font when using bootstrap. It is frequently used and recognizable and looks very clean and appropriate.

  - Imagery
    - Imagery is key for presenting and visualizing all products and/or services. The background picture in every section/page gives them more depth and makes them more appealing to the user. All the product/service (etc.) pictures have the goal to inform the user without much text and make the purpose more obvious.
    - The images are "sporty" to make the (gym) site look more convinient.

- Wireframes
  - Home/Landing Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/landing_page.pdf">- here</a>
  - Courses Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/courses.pdf">- here</a>
  - Locations Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/locations.pdf">- here</a>
  - Membership Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/member.pdf">- here</a>
  - About Us Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/about.pdf">- here</a>
  - Contact Us Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/contact.pdf">- here</a>
  - Login Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/login.pdf">- here</a>
  - Booking Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/booking.pdf">- here</a>
  - 404 Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/err.pdf">- here</a>


## Features

- Responsive on all device sizes
- Interactive elements (e.g. hover, click)
- links to social media
- expanding content for more information by clicking (e.g. contact details, hover effects on courses/location section/page, ...)

### Technologies Used

- <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5">HTML5</a>
- <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets">CSS3</a>
- <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript">Javascript</a>

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

1. <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/getting-started/introduction/">Bootstrap 4.5.0:</a> 
    - Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
2. <a href="https://fontawesome.com/">Font Awesome:</a> 
    - Font Awesome was used on all pages throughout the website to add icons for aesthetic and UX purposes.
3. <a href="https://git-scm.com/">Git</a> 
    - Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
4. <a href="https://github.com/">GitHub:</a> 
    - GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.
5. <a href="https://balsamiq.com/">Balsamiq:</a> 
    - Balsamiq was used to create the wireframes during the design process.
6. <a href="https://squoosh.app/index.html">Squoosh:</a> 
    - Squoosh was used to compress the images to increase loading speed.
7. <a href="https://autoprefixer.github.io/">Autoprefixer:</a> 
    - Autoprefixer was used to make sure that no prefixes are missing.
8. <a href="https://www.freeformatter.com/html-formatter.html#ad-output">Freeformatter:</a> 
    - Freeformatter was used for testing the HTML-format.



## Testing

The Freeformatter, W3C CSS Validator Services and Autoprefixer and were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project and no prefixes are missing.

- <a href="https://www.freeformatter.com/html-formatter.html#ad-output">Freeformatter</a> 
- <a href="https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/#validate_by_input">W3C CSS Validator</a>
- <a href="https://autoprefixer.github.io/">Autoprefixer</a>

### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section

  - First Time Visitor Goals

    1. As a first time visitor, I want to have a good overview of the content and I want to quickly understand the main purpose of the site.

        1. When the users are entering the site, they're getting greeted by a little animation which reveals a short and understandable text that describes the purpose of the site - also there is a button which brings the users directly to the membership section/page - 3-click buy system (click button -> choose package -> buy) (could be in the returning visitor goals section - if the users already checked out the website and just needed some time to think or whatever reason - the goal is to give potential customers a quick and uncomplicated buying process (just 3 clicks needed)).
        2. The background picture (and the headline) implies and makes clear that it's a gym website without even having to read any content.
        3. The users have multiple and intuitive (/obvious) options to go further and discover the website.
        4. Icons (Font Awesome) are simplifying the reading process so it's easier and quicker to read through the content - Also the content (text)
            is kept as short, simple, and understandable as possible to improving the user experience and reading speed.      
        5. Scrolling is kept to a minimum (or completely avoided in the desktop version) to give the users a good overview and to improve the user experience.
        6. Virtual tour available - improves first time experience.


    2. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to navigate easily through all the different sections/pages without any complications as simple as possible. also, I want to have more than one option to navigate.

        1. The site has been designed to be fluid and never to entrap the user. There is a fixed sidebar which is visible on every single section/page (except the 404 section/page) to always keep the users informed about the navigational options. The navigation links are in a logical order so the users can go from top to bottom (vertical) to get all the information. There is also another reason for the fixed sidebar and the logical order -> the navigation arrows at the bottom. These arrows are another (quick, intuitive, and comfortable) way to navigate through the site. These arrows are becoming much handier on mobile devices - so the users don't always have to open the sidebar while i.e. "discovering" or just clicking through.
        for making the navigation links more intuitive there are icons next to them. These icons are also at the bottom (footer) to make it easier for the user to know where they currently "are".

    3. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to see all important contact details (like phone number, email or address) and easily get in touch with the team for eventual questions (contact section/page).

        1. Relevant content is always visible - e.g. contact details, booking section, schedule, and the downloadable app (footer) or the sign-in/up button.
        2. The contact section/page is easy to get to and the user has an understandable form to easily get in touch with the gym. By choosing a topic the service team can respond more quickly for example.

  - Returning Visitor Goals

    1. As a returning visitor, I want to quickly see or download the gym schedule.
        1. There is a button in the footer where the users can easily download the schedule.

    2. As a returning visitor, I want to get in contact with the gym for asking questions or expressing my ideas (i.e. - for improving the user experience).
        1. There is a contact section/page where the users can ask questions or even bring in their own ideas which might have the potential to improve services or other benefits.
        2. Using/implementing good ideas from the users like i.e. new recipes can improve the relationship between the gym and their customers. For example -> my name is Peter and I've created a new healthy and tasty drink - now I simply can share it with the gym and voila - "Pete's Vitamin Vortex Deluxe" just got added to the meal/drink plan of the Brand Bar:)
        3. There is a lot of potential for improving the website/gym/courses/services/user experience. 

    3. As a returning visitor, I want to book a service of my choice.
        1. There is a button in the footer which directs the users to the booking section/page
        2. The users are getting motivated/reminded to download the app to make the booking process quicker and more comfortable (among other services).


  - Frequent User Goals
    
    1. As a frequent user, I want to quickly check if the gym schedule changed or got optimized (I want to stay up to date).
      1. Plans, schedules even services, etc. are always being updated -  A simple way to never miss any changes or discounts, special offers, and so on, is to subscribe to the newsletter (in the booking section) or to download the app.
      2. The same goes for eventual events or group activities etc.

    2. As a frequent user, I want to be motivated to use the full spectrum of the site - i.e. by downloading the app (or other services - updates might come as well).
      1. By keeping the content short easy to understand (also by using icons) and the navigation intuitive - the users are more motivated to click through the website.
      2. Mentioning to download the app for benefits on multiple sections/pages might motivate the users to do so. Downloading the app and eventually getting relevant push messages brings the users closer (creates a better relationship) to the gym. 


## Further Testing

  - The Website was tested on Google Chrome, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, and Safari browsers.
  - The website was viewed on a variety of devices such as Desktop, Laptop, iPhone7, iPhone 8 & iPhoneX.
  - A lot of testing was done to ensure that all pages were linking correctly.
  - Friends and family members were asked to review the site and documentation to point out any bugs and/or user experience issues.


## Known Bugs

  - Images are loading slowly - used <a href="https://squoosh.app/index.html">Squoosh</a> to compress the images - faster but still slow


# Deployment

## GitHub Pages

The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps:

  1. Log in to GitHub and locate the <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym">GitHub Repository</a>
  2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page), locate the "Settings" Button on the menu.
  3. Scroll down the Settings page until you locate the "GitHub Pages" Section.
  4. Under "Source", click the dropdown called "None" and select "Master Branch".
  5. The page will automatically refresh.
  6. Scroll back down through the page to locate the now published site <a href="https://robertmachamud.github.io/brand_gym/">link</a> in the "GitHub Pages" section.


## Forking the GitHub Repository

By forking the GitHub Repository we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original repository by using the following steps:

  1. Log in to GitHub and locate the <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym">GitHub Repository</a>
  2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page) just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.
  3. You should now have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.


## Making a Local Clone

  1. Log in to <a href="https://github.com/">GitHub</a>  and locate the <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym">GitHub Repository</a>
  2. Under the repository name, click "Clone or download".
  3. To clone the repository using HTTPS, under "Clone with HTTPS", copy the link.
  4. Open Git Bash
  5. Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
  6. Type `git clone` , and then paste the URL you copied in Step 3.
```
 $ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
```

  7. Press Enter. Your local clone will be created.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
> Cloning into `CI-Clone`...
> remote: Counting objects: 10, done.
> remote: Compressing objects: 100% (8/8), done.
> remove: Total 10 (delta 1), reused 10 (delta 1)
> Unpacking objects: 100% (10/10), done.
```

Click <a href="https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository#cloning-a-repository-to-github-desktop">Here</a> to retrieve pictures for some of the buttons and more detailed explanations of the above process.


# Credits

## Code
  - Bootstrap4: Bootstrap Library used throughout the project mainly to make the site responsive using the Bootstrap Grid System.

## Content
  - All content was written by the developer - except:
    - The JS code for the picture slider (only the part of the function that slides the images) in/on the About Us section/page from Youtube - <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YQ4svkETS0&t=213s">Link Here</a>
  - Psychological properties of colours text in the README.md was found <a href="http://www.colour-affects.co.uk/psychological-properties-of-colours">here</a> (e.g. red - strength, purple - luxury, etc.)

## Media
  - Images downloaded from <a href="https://www.pexels.com/">Pexels</a>

## Acknowledgements
  - My Mentor for his awesome help (tips, links, etc.) and his great energy
  - Tutor support at Code Institute for their support.

Commit message:

little fixes - mostly grammar readme

README.md, after:

          <h1 align="center">
  :weight_lifting: Brand Gym
</h1>

  This is a simple Gym Website with a very creative Name :upside_down_face: -
  It is responsive and viewable on multiple devices. The design might appear a little unorthodox at first but through this, the site is becoming intuitive and easy to navigate. It's for members and potential clients.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://robertmachamud.github.io/brand_gym/">
   View the live project here
  </a>
  <br>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img width="600" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dxcrd5sos/image/upload/v1593398280/three-woman-in-assorted-color-sport-bras-holding-and-905336_cyyoyf.jpg">
</p>

# 

## User Experience (UX)

- User stories

  - First Time Visitor Goals
      1. As a first time visitor, I want to have a good overview of the content and I want to quickly understand the main purpose of the site.
      2. As a first time visitor, I want to be motivated to click through the different sections/pages.
      3. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to navigate easily through all the different sections/pages without any complications as simple as possible. Also, I want to have more than one option to navigate.
      4. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to get all the information (like services, courses, etc) as short and understandable as possible
      5. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to see all important contact details (like phone number, email or address) and easily get in touch with the team for eventual questions (contact section/page).
      6. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to take a short cut straight to the member section/page (main purpose) and have as few steps/clicks as possible for buying one of the membership.

  - Returning Visitor Goals
      1. As a returning visitor, I want to quickly see or download the gym schedule.
      2. As a returning visitor, I want to get in contact with the gym for asking questions or expressing my ideas (i.e. - for improving the user experience).
      3. As a returning visitor, I want to easily reread all the information I want/need.
      4. As a returning visitor, I want to book a service of my choice.
      5. As a returning visitor, I might want to rethink my decision if I didn't get/buy a membership. 

  - Frequent User Goals
      1. As a frequent user, I want to quickly check if the gym schedule changed or got optimized (I want to stay up to date).
      2. As a frequent user, I want to be informed about any new courses, services or events (general changes/updates)
      3. As a frequent user, I want to be motivated to use the full spectrum of the site - i.e. by downloading the app (or other services - updates might come as well).
      4. As a frequent user, I want to be comfortable and able to use the booking service.
      5. As a frequent user, I want to be able to contact the gym as uncomplicated and easy as possible.
      6. As a frequent user, I want to be able to sign up - for having more benefits (coming soon).


- Design
  
  - Color Scheme
    - Every section/page has it's own recognizable background color.
    - The sidebar and the footer are consistent and have always the same color schemes while every section/page has it's own.
    - A dark-colored scheme got chosen for the footer/sidebar for better optical separation and less distraction from the main content.
    - For making the 404 Page looking more interesting/vivid there is a little color-changing background animation.
    - A mostly white (#fafafa not #fff) font color got chosen to have a nice and clean contrast to the colorful background colors and the dark backgrounds (footer, sidebar).
    - Font awesome icons and buttons are dark orange to make them pop out a little and keep them visible on colorful and on dark backgrounds (and for a nice contrast).

  - Typography
    - The - Helvetica Neue - is the font family of the website with Arial and Sans Serif as the fallback fonts in case for any reason the font isn't being imported into the site correctly. Helvetica Neue is the default font when using bootstrap. It is frequently used and recognizable and looks very clean and appropriate.

  - Imagery
    - Imagery is key for presenting and visualizing all products and/or services. The background picture in every section/page gives them more depth and makes them more appealing to the user. All the product/service (etc.) pictures have the goal to inform the user without much text and make the purpose more obvious.
    - The images are "sporty" to make the (gym) site look more convinient.

- Wireframes
  - Home/Landing Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/landing_page.pdf">- here</a>
  - Courses Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/courses.pdf">- here</a>
  - Locations Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/locations.pdf">- here</a>
  - Membership Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/member.pdf">- here</a>
  - About Us Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/about.pdf">- here</a>
  - Contact Us Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/contact.pdf">- here</a>
  - Login Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/login.pdf">- here</a>
  - Booking Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/booking.pdf">- here</a>
  - 404 Page Wireframe <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym/blob/master/assets/wireframes/err.pdf">- here</a>


## Features

- Responsive on all device sizes
- Interactive elements (e.g. hover, click)
- links to social media
- expanding content for more information by clicking (e.g. contact details, hover effects on courses/location section/page, ...)

### Technologies Used

- <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5">HTML5</a>
- <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets">CSS3</a>
- <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript">Javascript</a>

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

1. <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/getting-started/introduction/">Bootstrap 4.5.0:</a> 
    - Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
2. <a href="https://fontawesome.com/">Font Awesome:</a> 
    - Font Awesome was used on all pages throughout the website to add icons for aesthetic and UX purposes.
3. <a href="https://git-scm.com/">Git</a> 
    - Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
4. <a href="https://github.com/">GitHub:</a> 
    - GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.
5. <a href="https://balsamiq.com/">Balsamiq:</a> 
    - Balsamiq was used to create the wireframes during the design process.
6. <a href="https://squoosh.app/index.html">Squoosh:</a> 
    - Squoosh was used to compress the images to increase loading speed.
7. <a href="https://autoprefixer.github.io/">Autoprefixer:</a> 
    - Autoprefixer was used to make sure that no prefixes are missing.
8. <a href="https://www.freeformatter.com/html-formatter.html#ad-output">Freeformatter:</a> 
    - Freeformatter was used for testing the HTML-format.



## Testing

The Freeformatter, W3C CSS Validator Services, and Autoprefixer and were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project and no prefixes are missing.

- <a href="https://www.freeformatter.com/html-formatter.html#ad-output">Freeformatter</a> 
- <a href="https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/#validate_by_input">W3C CSS Validator</a>
- <a href="https://autoprefixer.github.io/">Autoprefixer</a>

### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section

  - First Time Visitor Goals

    1. As a first time visitor, I want to have a good overview of the content and I want to quickly understand the main purpose of the site.

        1. When the users are entering the site, they're getting greeted by a little animation which reveals a short and understandable text that describes the purpose of the site - also there is a button which brings the users directly to the membership section/page - 3-click buy system (click button -> choose package -> buy) (could be in the returning visitor goals section - if the users already checked out the website and just needed some time to think or whatever reason - the goal is to give potential customers a quick and uncomplicated buying process (just 3 clicks needed)).
        2. The background picture (and the headline) implies and makes clear that it's a gym website without even having to read any content.
        3. The users have multiple and intuitive (/obvious) options to go further and discover the website.
        4. Icons (Font Awesome) are simplifying the reading process so it's easier and quicker to read through the content - Also the content (text)
            is kept as short, simple, and understandable as possible to improving the user experience and reading speed.      
        5. Scrolling is kept to a minimum (or completely avoided in the desktop version) to give the users a good overview and to improve the user experience.
        6. Virtual tour available - improves first time experience.


    2. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to navigate easily through all the different sections/pages without any complications as simple as possible. also, I want to have more than one option to navigate.

        1. The site has been designed to be fluid and never to entrap the user. There is a fixed sidebar which is visible on every single section/page (except the 404 section/page) to always keep the users informed about the navigational options. The navigation links are in a logical order so the users can go from top to bottom (vertical) to get all the information. There is also another reason for the fixed sidebar and the logical order -> the navigation arrows at the bottom. These arrows are another (quick, intuitive, and comfortable) way to navigate through the site. These arrows are becoming much handier on mobile devices - so the users don't always have to open the sidebar while i.e. "discovering" or just clicking through.
        for making the navigation links more intuitive there are icons next to them. These icons are also at the bottom (footer) to make it easier for the user to know where they currently "are".

    3. As a first time visitor, I want to be able to see all important contact details (like phone number, email or address) and easily get in touch with the team for eventual questions (contact section/page).

        1. Relevant content is always visible - e.g. contact details, booking section, schedule, and the downloadable app (footer) or the sign-in/up button.
        2. The contact section/page is easy to get to and the user has an understandable form to easily get in touch with the gym. By choosing a topic the service team can respond more quickly for example.

  - Returning Visitor Goals

    1. As a returning visitor, I want to quickly see or download the gym schedule.
        1. There is a button in the footer where the users can easily download the schedule.

    2. As a returning visitor, I want to get in contact with the gym for asking questions or expressing my ideas (i.e. - for improving the user experience).
        1. There is a contact section/page where the users can ask questions or even bring in their own ideas which might have the potential to improve services or other benefits.
        2. Using/implementing good ideas from the users like i.e. new recipes can improve the relationship between the gym and their customers. For example -> my name is Peter and I've created a new healthy and tasty drink - now I simply can share it with the gym and voila - "Pete's Vitamin Vortex Deluxe" just got added to the meal/drink plan of the Brand Bar:)
        3. There is a lot of potential for improving the website/gym/courses/services/user experience. 

    3. As a returning visitor, I want to book a service of my choice.
        1. There is a button in the footer which directs the users to the booking section/page
        2. The users are getting motivated/reminded to download the app to make the booking process quicker and more comfortable (among other services).


  - Frequent User Goals
    
    1. As a frequent user, I want to quickly check if the gym schedule changed or got optimized (I want to stay up to date).
      1. Plans, schedules even services, etc. are always being updated -  A simple way to never miss any changes or discounts, special offers, and so on, is to subscribe to the newsletter (in the booking section) or to download the app.
      2. The same goes for eventual events or group activities etc.

    2. As a frequent user, I want to be motivated to use the full spectrum of the site - i.e. by downloading the app (or other services - updates might come as well).
      1. By keeping the content short easy to understand (also by using icons) and the navigation intuitive - the users are more motivated to click through the website.
      2. Mentioning to download the app for benefits on multiple sections/pages might motivate the users to do so. Downloading the app and eventually getting relevant push messages brings the users closer (creates a better relationship) to the gym. 


## Further Testing

  - The Website was tested on Google Chrome, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, and Safari browsers.
  - The website was viewed on a variety of devices such as Desktop, Laptop, iPhone7, iPhone 8 & iPhoneX.
  - A lot of testing was done to ensure that all pages were linking correctly.
  - Friends and family members were asked to review the site and documentation to point out any bugs and/or user experience issues.


## Known Bugs

  - Images are loading slowly - I used <a href="https://squoosh.app/index.html">Squoosh</a> to compress the images mostly < 300kb -> it's faster now but still a little slow.
    - As I was searching for solutions I consitered "Lazy Loading" i.e. <a href="https://www.sitepoint.com/five-techniques-lazy-load-images-website-performance/">here</a> but the Images are background images - not `<img>`. Apperently JavaScript is needed to solve this problem.
    - To solve the problem with the main background images (main containers) I added an animation.

# Deployment

## GitHub Pages

The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps:

  1. Log in to GitHub and locate the <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym">GitHub Repository</a>
  2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page), locate the "Settings" Button on the menu.
  3. Scroll down the Settings page until you locate the "GitHub Pages" Section.
  4. Under "Source", click the dropdown called "None" and select "Master Branch".
  5. The page will automatically refresh.
  6. Scroll back down through the page to locate the now published site <a href="https://robertmachamud.github.io/brand_gym/">link</a> in the "GitHub Pages" section.


## Forking the GitHub Repository

By forking the GitHub Repository we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original repository by using the following steps:

  1. Log in to GitHub and locate the <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym">GitHub Repository</a>
  2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page) just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.
  3. You should now have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.


## Making a Local Clone

  1. Log in to <a href="https://github.com/">GitHub</a>  and locate the <a href="https://github.com/RobertMachamud/brand_gym">GitHub Repository</a>
  2. Under the repository name, click "Clone or download".
  3. To clone the repository using HTTPS, under "Clone with HTTPS", copy the link.
  4. Open Git Bash
  5. Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
  6. Type `git clone` , and then paste the URL you copied in Step 3.
```
 $ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
```

  7. Press Enter. Your local clone will be created.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
> Cloning into `CI-Clone`...
> remote: Counting objects: 10, done.
> remote: Compressing objects: 100% (8/8), done.
> remove: Total 10 (delta 1), reused 10 (delta 1)
> Unpacking objects: 100% (10/10), done.
```

Click <a href="https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository#cloning-a-repository-to-github-desktop">Here</a> to retrieve pictures for some of the buttons and more detailed explanations of the above process.


# Credits

## Code
  - Bootstrap4: Bootstrap Library used throughout the project mainly to make the site responsive using the Bootstrap Grid System.

## Content
  - All content was written by the developer - except:
    - The JS code for the picture slider (only the part of the function that slides the images) in/on the About Us section/page from Youtube - <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YQ4svkETS0&t=213s">Link Here</a>
  - Psychological properties of colours text in the README.md was found <a href="http://www.colour-affects.co.uk/psychological-properties-of-colours">here</a> (e.g. red - strength, purple - luxury, etc.)

## Media
  - Images downloaded from <a href="https://www.pexels.com/">Pexels</a>

## Acknowledgements
  - My Mentor for his awesome help (tips, links, etc.), the long skype calls, and his great energy! :sunglasses:
  - Tutor support at Code Institute for their support.
